README.md, before:

# magda-auth-ckan

![Version: 1.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.0.0-informational?style=flat-square)

A Magda Authentication Plugin for [CKAN](https://ckan.org/).
A login form will be shown to user to fill up username & password for authentication.

Requires MAGDA version 0.0.58 or above.

To deploy the authentication plugin with your MAGDA instance, please check [MAGDA Gateway Helm Chart Document](https://github.com/magda-io/magda/blob/master/deploy/helm/internal-charts/gateway/README.md).

**Homepage:** <https://github.com/magda-io/magda-auth-ckan>

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/magda-io/magda-auth-ckan>

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>= 1.14.0-0`

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| authPluginConfig.authenticationMethod | string | `"PASSWORD"` | The authentication method of the plugin. Support values are: <ul> <li>`IDP-URI-REDIRECTION`: the plugin will rediredct user agent to idp (identity provider) for authentication. e.g. Google & fackebook oauth etc.</li> <li>`PASSWORD`: the plugin expect frontend do a form post that contains username & password to the plugin for authentication.</li> <li>`QR-CODE`: the plugin offers a url that is used by the frontend to request auth challenge data. The data will be encoded into a QR-code image and expect the user scan the QR code with a mobile app to complete the authentication request.</li> </ul> See [Authentication Plugin Specification](https://github.com/magda-io/magda/blob/master/docs/docs/authentication-plugin-spec.md) for more details |
| authPluginConfig.iconUrl | string | `"/icon.svg"` | the display icon URL of the auth plugin. |
| authPluginConfig.key | string | `"ckan"` | the unique key of the auth plugin. Allowed characters: [a-zA-Z0-9\-] |
| authPluginConfig.loginFormExtraInfoContent | string | `"To register a new account, [click here](https://demo.ckan.org/user/register)"` | Optional; Only applicable when authenticationMethod = "PASSWORD". If present, will displayed the content underneath the login form to provide extra info to users. e.g. how to reset password Can support content in markdown format. |
| authPluginConfig.loginFormExtraInfoHeading | string | `"Register"` | Optional; Only applicable when authenticationMethod = "PASSWORD". If present, will displayed the heading underneath the login form to provide extra info to users. e.g. how to reset password |
| authPluginConfig.loginFormPasswordFieldLabel | string | "Password" | Optional; Only applicable when authenticationMethod = "PASSWORD". |
| authPluginConfig.loginFormUsernameFieldLabel | string | "Username" | Optional; Only applicable when authenticationMethod = "PASSWORD". |
| authPluginConfig.name | string | `"CKAN"` | the display name of the auth plugin. |
| authPluginRedirectUrl | string | `nil` | the redirection url after the whole authentication process is completed. Authentication Plugins will use this value as default. The following query paramaters can be used to supply the authentication result: <ul> <li>result: (string) Compulsory. Possible value: "success" or "failure". </li> <li>errorMessage: (string) Optional. Text message to provide more information on the error to the user. </li> </ul> This field is for overriding the value set by `global.authPluginRedirectUrl`. Unless you want to have a different value only for this auth plugin, you shouldn't set this value. |
| autoscaler.enabled | bool | `false` | turn on the autoscaler or not |
| autoscaler.maxReplicas | int | `3` |  |
| autoscaler.minReplicas | int | `1` |  |
| autoscaler.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage | int | `80` |  |
| ckanUrl | string | `"https://demo.ckan.org"` | The base URL of the CKAN site |
| defaultAdminUserId | string | `"00000000-0000-4000-8000-000000000000"` | which system account we used to talk to auth api The value of this field will only be used when `global.defaultAdminUserId` has no value |
| defaultImage.imagePullSecret | bool | `false` |  |
| defaultImage.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| defaultImage.repository | string | `"docker.io/data61"` |  |
| global | object | `{"authPluginRedirectUrl":"/sign-in-redirect","externalUrl":"","image":{},"rollingUpdate":{}}` | only for providing appropriate default value for helm lint |
| image | object | `{}` |  |
| replicas | int | `1` | no. of initial replicas |
| resources.limits.cpu | string | `"50m"` |  |
| resources.requests.cpu | string | `"10m"` |  |
| resources.requests.memory | string | `"30Mi"` |  |

Commit message:

- Change the way of locate session-db secret to be compatible with Magda v1 (still backwards compatible with earlier versions) - Upgrade CI script

README.md, after:

# magda-auth-ckan

![Version: 1.0.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.0.1-informational?style=flat-square)

A Magda Authentication Plugin for [CKAN](https://ckan.org/).
A login form will be shown to user to fill up username & password for authentication.

Requires MAGDA version 0.0.58 or above.

To deploy the authentication plugin with your MAGDA instance, please check [MAGDA Gateway Helm Chart Document](https://github.com/magda-io/magda/blob/master/deploy/helm/internal-charts/gateway/README.md).

### How to Use
1. Add the auth plugin as a [Helm Chart Dependency](https://helm.sh/docs/helm/helm_dependency/)
```yaml
- name: magda-auth-ckan
  version: 1.1.0
  repository: https://charts.magda.io
```

2. Config the auth plugin with ckan instance URl:
```yaml
magda-auth-ckan:
  ckanUrl: "https://data.gov.au/data"
  # the config below are optional. And will be shown on UI
  authPluginConfig:
    name: "Login via my data portal"
    loginFormExtraInfoHeading: "Register"
    loginFormExtraInfoContent: "To register a new account, Please go to my ckan instance xxxx"
```

3. Config Gatway to add the auth plugin to Gateway's plugin list (More details see [here](https://github.com/magda-io/magda/blob/master/deploy/helm/internal-charts/gateway/README.md))
```yaml
gateway:
  authPlugins:
  - key: "ckan"
    baseUrl: http://magda-auth-ckan
```

4. Create a secret `oauth-secrets` in your deployment Magda namespace with the correct value for `google-client-secret` key

**Homepage:** <https://github.com/magda-io/magda-auth-ckan>

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/magda-io/magda-auth-ckan>

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>= 1.14.0-0`

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| authPluginConfig.authenticationMethod | string | `"PASSWORD"` | The authentication method of the plugin. Support values are: <ul> <li>`IDP-URI-REDIRECTION`: the plugin will rediredct user agent to idp (identity provider) for authentication. e.g. Google & fackebook oauth etc.</li> <li>`PASSWORD`: the plugin expect frontend do a form post that contains username & password to the plugin for authentication.</li> <li>`QR-CODE`: the plugin offers a url that is used by the frontend to request auth challenge data. The data will be encoded into a QR-code image and expect the user scan the QR code with a mobile app to complete the authentication request.</li> </ul> See [Authentication Plugin Specification](https://github.com/magda-io/magda/blob/master/docs/docs/authentication-plugin-spec.md) for more details |
| authPluginConfig.iconUrl | string | `"/icon.svg"` | the display icon URL of the auth plugin. |
| authPluginConfig.key | string | `"ckan"` | the unique key of the auth plugin. Allowed characters: [a-zA-Z0-9\-] |
| authPluginConfig.loginFormExtraInfoContent | string | `"To register a new account, [click here](https://demo.ckan.org/user/register)"` | Optional; Only applicable when authenticationMethod = "PASSWORD". If present, will displayed the content underneath the login form to provide extra info to users. e.g. how to reset password Can support content in markdown format. |
| authPluginConfig.loginFormExtraInfoHeading | string | `"Register"` | Optional; Only applicable when authenticationMethod = "PASSWORD". If present, will displayed the heading underneath the login form to provide extra info to users. e.g. how to reset password |
| authPluginConfig.loginFormPasswordFieldLabel | string | "Password" | Optional; Only applicable when authenticationMethod = "PASSWORD". |
| authPluginConfig.loginFormUsernameFieldLabel | string | "Username" | Optional; Only applicable when authenticationMethod = "PASSWORD". |
| authPluginConfig.name | string | `"CKAN"` | the display name of the auth plugin. |
| authPluginRedirectUrl | string | `nil` | the redirection url after the whole authentication process is completed. Authentication Plugins will use this value as default. The following query paramaters can be used to supply the authentication result: <ul> <li>result: (string) Compulsory. Possible value: "success" or "failure". </li> <li>errorMessage: (string) Optional. Text message to provide more information on the error to the user. </li> </ul> This field is for overriding the value set by `global.authPluginRedirectUrl`. Unless you want to have a different value only for this auth plugin, you shouldn't set this value. |
| autoscaler.enabled | bool | `false` | turn on the autoscaler or not |
| autoscaler.maxReplicas | int | `3` |  |
| autoscaler.minReplicas | int | `1` |  |
| autoscaler.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage | int | `80` |  |
| ckanUrl | string | `"https://demo.ckan.org"` | The base URL of the CKAN site |
| defaultAdminUserId | string | `"00000000-0000-4000-8000-000000000000"` | which system account we used to talk to auth api The value of this field will only be used when `global.defaultAdminUserId` has no value |
| defaultImage.imagePullSecret | bool | `false` |  |
| defaultImage.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| defaultImage.repository | string | `"docker.io/data61"` |  |
| global | object | `{"authPluginRedirectUrl":"/sign-in-redirect","externalUrl":"","image":{},"rollingUpdate":{}}` | only for providing appropriate default value for helm lint |
| image | object | `{}` |  |
| replicas | int | `1` | no. of initial replicas |
| resources.limits.cpu | string | `"50m"` |  |
| resources.requests.cpu | string | `"10m"` |  |
| resources.requests.memory | string | `"30Mi"` |  |
